---
title: Conflict in the Woods
num: 2
date: 2025-10-01
start_date: 27
start_month: Uldarin
end_date: 28
end_month: Uldarin
xp: 450
---

The party had tracked a crew of bandits to their cave in the Carscythe Woods following an ambush on the Hibbleorn caravan. After the denizens were alerted to the party’s approach, they took shelter in the surrounding woods, with Regil and Ellywick using their gnomish magic to send half of the remaining brigands into the forest. The party quickly dispatched those who remained, and Jadwiga successfully convinced their leader Mizal to disarm at knifepoint. While holding Mizal hostage, the party quickly searched the caves, recovering the stolen items, along with a few other looted goods, and some of Mizal’s correspondence.

The party returned to the caravan in time to observe the funeral of the fallen guards, then pushed on to Arajin Market, arriving the following afternoon. The market itself consists of only a few permanent structures: an Inn, a church, and a few fixed shops, with much of the trade being done by visiting merchants. The visiting crowd currently exceeds a thousand souls, in anticipation for the annual Ember Festival, beginning tomorrow eve.

You had received payment from Farbin, and begun to explore the goings on in the Market. Most of you stopped in at the Market Inn, and started seeking out rumours, with Contessa meeting al local musician Albar Brass. Meanwhile Ellywick took her leave from the party and ventured to the cemetery behind the market’s church.

