---
title: The Hero's Tomb
num: 3
date: 2025-10-10
start_date: 28
start_month: Uldarin
end_date: 28
end_month: Uldarin
xp: 450
---

Ellywick spoke to Father Voska, the parish priest in the cemetery, about matters both spiritual and practical, describing a break-in to the Tomb of the Hero of the Vale. Once she reunited with the others in the party, they decided to immediately investigate the disturbance in the Tomb.

The party discussed payment with Voska, and then headed into the tomb, discovering the entrance severely damaged and dispatching some centipedes of unusual size that had taken up residence inside. As they delved deeper, they found some crypts that were empty. They encountered a pair of zombies standing in the depths of the tomb, dispatching them with difficulty. The party then explored the tomb briefly, finding the tomb of the Hero of the Vale and signs of a necromantic ritual, before Contessa’s magic revealed that there was a magical presence in an unexplored chamber above them. 

Ellywick went charging into this chamber, coming face to face with a black-robed figure and three animated skeletons. A hectic battle ensued where the party’s weapons – Regill’s in particular – proved far more effective at bashing the bones of the skeletons than the zombies before. Ellywick forwent her divine magic, running forth and stabbing the wizard – who was further incapacitated by Contessa’s charm – slaying him, but not before a blow from one of the skeletons knocked Jadwiga unconscious. The battle concluded shortly thereafter, and Jadwiga was revived before she could bleed out. After a sharp exchange of words, Jadwiga, Contessa, and Regill left the tomb, leaving Ellywick behind with the corpses.

