---
title: Figures in the Storm
num: 13
date: 2026-01-28
start_date: 13
start_month: Yonolar
end_date: 17
end_month: Yonolar
xp: 480
advance: 3
---
The party left ruins with the ewer in hand, heading back to Stillhaven. Their travel was beset by moderate rain, and the party became lost in the Wyrmbone foothills. The party gave up the travel and bunkered down as the rain worsened into a thunderstorm.

That night, as the storm reached its zenith, Contessa spotted two figures on the next hill, and woke the party. Ellywick and Saskerill approached these figures, discovering them to be an adult and child. While they were initially wary of the party’s midnight approach, Saskerill’s offer of Ellywick’s healing prowess allowed them to approach further. Ellywick saw that the boy - Matias, the son of the man Iacob - had a severely injured hand and used her power to progress its natural healing.

Before welcoming the pair back into their camp, the Embers interrogated the two, learning that they were travelling with minimal possessions after fleeing a mountain village where Matias had inadvertently caused a rockslide - injuring himself and killing some others. This phenomenon, seemed to be one of a pattern indicating the boy’s developing magical talents, which Contessa suggested might be sorcery. They invited the pair to travel with them back to Stillhaven, as Iacob might be marginally better at navigation than Ellywick.

As the party returned to Stillhaven, they visited the Dour Rat (greeting their favourite innkeeper Amos) and took some time to enjoy fresh food and warm baths. The next day, they sold some of their loot and met again with Lord Ryazan. He paid them in platinum for the ewer and offered to continue to patronise the party if they stayed in Stillhaven. He also offered to make some inquiries about Matias’ magical potential at the College of the Naga.

The party spend the next days training, internalising the experiences that they have had on their recent adventures, and now prepare to seek new quests outside of Stillhaven.
