---
title: The House with the Green Door
num: 16
date: 2026-02-22
start_date: 23
start_month: Yonolar
end_date: 24
end_month: Yonolar
xp: 210
---

The Embers of the Vale continued on their journey towards Inlarut, departing from The Golden Hawk. As their day of travel progressed, Matias began to fall behind the rest of the group. Eventually the party took note, but by this point, shadows had begun to creep over the boy. He took off from the party, pursued quickly by Jadwiga, then Regill, Contessa, and Ellywick. Jadwiga grabbed Matias as smoke began to pour forth from him. It coalesced into a demonic hawk which attacked Jadwiga before Contessa destroyed it.

Saskarill stayed back to confront Iacob while the ordeal with Matias played out, pushing him until he confessed that he blames himself for Matias’ magical affliction. Before Matias was born, Iacob was caught in a blizzard away from his village in the mountains. He was drawn to a cave with a dark orb in it, which kept him warm and alive as the storm played out. After a few days, the storm had ended and he returned to his village. His wife became pregnant with Matias, but Iacob could not get the thought of the orb and the cave out of his head. This urge grew until Iacob left his wife in search for the cave. Days passed, but he was unable to find it, returning to his village to find his wife dead and inky shadows clinging to newborn Matias.

The party arrived in the hamlet of Penrith, a community of farmers and glassblowers. As the party entered the village square, Ellywick noticed a house with a green door, uncannily similar to her vision. She tried to talk with the woman inside but was told to return later. The hamlet’s reeve, meanwhile, had taken an interest in the party, and confronted them about bothering the widow. Regill was taking none of this and began to escalate with the Reeve.

As it looked like a fight would break out, Contessa made the Reeve fall asleep, a crowd began to gather, they mayor was summoned, outraged that the party would enchant a village official. Meanwhile, Jadwiga and Ellywick forced (with words) their way into the widow’s house. Saskarill enchanted the Reeve, so that as she came to consciousness, she regarded the party as friends and took the blame for the situation. In the house, Ellywick talked with the widow and communed with her husband’s ghost, learning that he died foraging, his corpse is lost in a collapsed cave, and is unable to rest.

The party reconvened and was provisioned by the charmed Reeve. They now set out with haste, before Saskarill’s charm loses its effect.