---
title: Drug Deals Gone Awry
num: 22
date: 2026-04-25
start_date: 29
start_month: Yonolar
end_date: 30
end_month: Yonolar
xp: 510
---

The Embers attended a dinner party at Baiat’s house, meeting his wife Rehnoh, Master Jeweller Virgil Petrescu and Elena Petrescu. Baiat was hoping to go into business with Virgil, a man that the party found to be a bit rude. However, they did their best to help Baiat’s case and even offered to help prove his competence. Some caravans transversing the Gural Road have been robbed by a band of bandits lead by an ogre. The party offered to look into this trouble, proving their skills by returning the head of the cockatrice when they slay it. The rest of the evening was spent planning for their upcoming day’s excursion. 

The party then met up with Beirun and headed into the sewers. He took them to the room with the cockatrice. They found some large poisonous centipedes inside which poisoned Jadwiga badly. Regill held off the cockatrice, resisting its petrification while buffed by the party and the group overwhelmed it.

As the party searched the chambers, they found some weapons, a metal rod, and a satchel full of drugs. Ellywick used some magic oil to unpetrify the statue of Beirun’s partner, but she did not survive the transmutation. As they left the chamber, they found Beirun absent, but a masked figure watching the party. Following Regill, the group ignored this figure and returned to the surface in search of Beirun. 

They found him back at The Laughing Faerie, exchanging the satchel of drugs for a pouch of coins. Jadwiga was quick to notice that most of these coins were copper, however, and Beirun sprinted away from the party, but not before Jadwiga dealt him a terrible blow. Now, the party stands plotting their next course, with a birthday to celebrate and some clubs to fight.
