---
title: Allip in this House Tonight
num: 24
date: 2026-05-11
start_date: 3
start_month: Jaseril
end_date: 3
end_month: Jaseril
xp: 990
---
The Embers of the Vale met Nuavan Karsk to hear about a job offer. Karsk asked them to resolve a haunting in the house of Killian Suknev. They first visited his housekeeper, who recounted how she found Suknev hanging, and the spectre that attacked her. Its touch had left scars on her mind that only a powerful priest could remove. The party sought out the priest but were unable to get any further information.

Next, the party visited the house, cautiously exploring it under magical protection from Ellywick. Throughout the rooms, they found a number of clues: bloody clothes in his bed, paint scrawls and scratches on the walls, and Suknev’s diary detailing his descent into madness. Contessa discovered a secret door, and behind a black tome that ensorcelled Regill. As the group descended into the cellar, they found a letter, a pair of rings, and the dark spirit.

Unable to land a blow, Regill was touched by the spirit, and Ellywick turned it from the party. The group retreated back to the College, where they sought Llewellyn’s council. He wasn’t able to help them with identifying the spirit, but did relieve them of the black tome. The party travelled to the library, where with some help, identified their shade as an Allip, the remains of a person driven to suicide by insanity. 

With knowledge in hand of how to confront it, they returned to the house, drawing Suknev’s spirit forth using items they found throughout their search, and destroyed it. They returned to the College to collect their reward. Karsk gave them an alternate reward: the ownership of the house, in exchange for some fees to clean it. The party gladly accepted, and now have time to discuss more with Llewellyn, before perhaps, they head home.
