---
title: Divining the Past
num: 25
date: 2026-06-12
start_date: 3
start_month: Jaseril
end_date: 4
end_month: Jaseril
xp: 0
---

Following their encounter with the allip, the party planned extensive renovations to the Suknev residence and decided on next steps. They decided to follow-up on the jewellers’ ogre quest, but, being late in the day, they retired to The Silver Hoof. 

Plied with mead, and weakened by the allip’s touch, Regill divulged a bit of his recent past, work with a quasi-religious mercenary company known as the Knights of Procyon. However, he refused to go back further than 15 years, adamant that such things did not matter to him. That night, he was beset with dreams of a maze, eerily reminiscent of Suknev’s descent into madness.

Ellywick also dreamed that night, of the Long Grey Road – the afterlife. She was confronted by a talking skeleton who questioned her commitment to Lord Nin and portended doom. The next morning, disturbed by Regill’s dream, the party sought out Mother Zemi who did her best to cleanse Regill of any curses. 

Then, the group visited the Jeweller’s Guild, where they presented Master Virgil Petrescu with the head of the cockatrice, and asked about the ogre job. They strategized a way to defeat the ogre and identify whomever is providing the bandits with information. They will meet with him the morning two days from now to unload the caravan and join it on the Gural road.


Lastly, the party visited the College of the Naga to speak with Llewellyn (and Theo) about the sword. They supplied him with expensive incense, and Llewellyn began a powerful divination ritual, revealing some of this history and purpose of the weapon, along with information about others like it. Llewellyn seemed surprisingly shaken by the working and fled the chamber soon after. He was followed, stealthily, by Jadwiga, who overheard a frantic conversation between him and a mage named Cepyrell in which she seemed to chastise him for a past divination of his that had to do with the recent war.
