---
title: Who's Ambushing Whom?
num: 26
date: 2026-06-18
start_date: 4
start_month: Jaseril
end_date: 7
end_month: Jaseril
xp: 760
---

Jadwiga rushed back to Llewellyn’s workroom and ushered the party out before he could enact his apparent desire to possess their sword. Unfortunately, Theo ratted on her actions to Llewellyn, leading the mage to send her a few mental messages.

The Embers’ attention refocused on the ogre’s bandits, and they spent the next day preparing for their excursion. The party visited the library to learn more about ogres and dire boars, sought out alchemical supplies and spell scrolls, and prayed for aid. In the early morning hours, the group united with Virgil and the caravan, and set out on the road.

As evening approach on their second day of travel, the wagon was stopped by the brigands: the ogre, a mage, and several other bandits. As the caravan was instructed to disarm and surrender their goods, Regill issued a challenge and the battle commenced. The first blows favoured the bandits: the party’s initial strikes failed to injure the mage, and the bandits were quick to react, slaying the caravan guards and intercepting Regill before he could reach the ogre, while the mage incapacitated him with a magic. However, Jadwiga, Ellywick, and Contessa mounted a valiant defense, bolstered by Saskarill’s tunes. 

As the bandits fell one after another – Jadwiga knocking the mage unconscious – the ogre decided to retreat. Unfortunately for him, a torrent of magical strikes from Contessa and repeated sleep spells from Saskarill laid him low. Regill finally shrugged off the magical effects, dispatching the few bandits that remained (and were somehow unable to substantively injure the gnome despite his being blind and stunned).

Now, the party stands on the road of bloody victory: unlooted bodies around them, and a prisoner with possible information about the mole in the Jeweller’s Guild.
